docs: adding migration doc for ibc-go v6 (#2417)
cosmos/ibc-go: docs/migrations/v5-to-v6.md

# Migrating from ibc-go v5 to v6

This document is intended to highlight significant changes which may require more information than presented in the CHANGELOG.
Any changes that must be done by a user of ibc-go should be documented here.

There are four sections based on the four potential user groups of this document:
- Chains
- IBC Apps
- Relayers
- IBC Light Clients

**Note:** ibc-go supports golang semantic versioning and therefore all imports must be updated to bump the version number on major releases.

## Chains

> The `ibc-go/v6` release introduces a new set of migrations for `27-interchain-accounts`. Ownership of ICS27 channel capabilities is tranferred from authentication modules and will now reside with the ICS27 `controller` submodule moving forward. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ibc-go/v6` release introduces a new set of migrations for `27-interchain-accounts`. Ownership of ICS27 channel capabilities is tranferred from ics27 authentication modules and will now reside with the ICS27 `controller` submodule moving forward. 
```

Author: ```suggestion
The `ibc-go/v6` release introduces a new set of migrations for `27-interchain-accounts`. Ownership of ICS27 channel capabilities is transferred from ICS27 authentication modules and will now reside with the ICS27 `controller` submodule moving forward. 
```

> For chains which implement custom authentication modules using the ICS27 `controller` submodule this requires a migration function to be included in the application upgrade handler. A subsequent migration handler is run automatically, asserting the ownership of ICS27 channel capabilities has been transferred successfully.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For chains which contain a custom authentication module using the ICS27 `controller` submodule this requires a migration function to be included in the chain upgrade handler. A subsequent migration handler is run automatically, asserting the ownership of ICS27 channel capabilities has been transferred successfully.
```

> For chains which *do not* implement custom authentication modules using the ICS27 `controller` submodule this migration is not required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For chains which *do not* contain a custom authentication module using the ICS27 `controller` submodule this migration is not required.
```

	configurator module.Configurator,
	cdc codec.BinaryCodec,
	capabilityStoreKey *storetypes.KVStoreKey,
	capabilityKeeper *capabilitykeeper.Keeper,
	moduleName string,
) upgradetypes.UpgradeHandler {
	return func(ctx sdk.Context, _ upgradetypes.Plan, vm module.VersionMap) (module.VersionMap, error) {
		if err := v6.MigrateICS27ChannelCapability(ctx, cdc, capabilityStoreKey, capabilityKeeper, moduleName); err != nil {
			return nil, err
		}

		return mm.RunMigrations(ctx, configurator, vm)
	}
}
```

2. Set the upgrade handler in `app.go`. The `moduleName` parameter refers to the authentication module's `ScopedKeeper` name. This is the name provided upon instantiation in `app.go` via the [`x/capability` keeper `ScopeToModule(moduleName string)`](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/blob/v0.46.1/x/capability/keeper/keeper.go#L70) method. [See here for an example in `simapp`](https://github.com/cosmos/ibc-go/blob/v5.0.0-rc2/testing/simapp/app.go#L304).

```go
app.UpgradeKeeper.SetUpgradeHandler(
	v6.UpgradeName,
	v6.CreateUpgradeHandler(
        app.mm, 
        app.configurator, 
        app.appCodec, 
        app.keys[capabilitytypes.ModuleName], 
        app.CapabilityKeeper, 

>         ibcmock.ModuleName + icacontrollertypes.SubModuleName,

Reviewer: Might be better not to put a value that compiles here. If someone copy/pastes, it might be better if they need to change this field before compiling

Author: Done! Thanks for all the great suggestions :)

    ),
)
```

## IBC Apps

### ICS27 - Interchain Accounts

#### Controller APIs

In previous releases of `ibc-go`, chain developers integrating the ICS27 interchain accounts `controller` functionality were expected to create a custom `Base Application` referred to as an authentication module, see: [Building an authentication module](https://github.com/cosmos/ibc-go/blob/v5.0.0/docs/apps/interchain-accounts/auth-modules.md).

The `Base Application` was intended to be composed with the ICS27 `controller` submodule `Keeper` and faciliate many forms of message authentication depending on a chain's particular use case.

The `controller` submodule exposes two functions:

- [`RegisterInterchainAccount`](https://github.com/cosmos/ibc-go/blob/v5.0.0/modules/apps/27-interchain-accounts/controller/keeper/account.go#L19)
- [`SendTx`](https://github.com/cosmos/ibc-go/blob/v5.0.0/modules/apps/27-interchain-accounts/controller/keeper/relay.go#L18)

These functions have been deprecated in favour of the new `controller` submodule `MsgServer` and will be removed in later releases. 

> Both APIs remain functional and maintain backwards compatibility in `ibc-go/v6`, however consumers of these APIs are now recommended to follow the message passing paradigm outlined in Cosmos SDK [ADR 031](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/blob/main/docs/architecture/adr-031-msg-service.md) and [ADR 033](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/blob/main/docs/architecture/adr-033-protobuf-inter-module-comm.md). This is facilitated by the Cosmos SDK [`MsgServiceRouter`](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/blob/main/baseapp/msg_service_router.go#L17) and chain developers creating custom application logic can now omit the ICS27 `ControllerKeeper` from their module and instead depend on message routing.

Reviewer: Should we mention legacy API's are required if they wish to consume packet callbacks?

Author: Added a note below and linked to ADR 008 PR.

**Note:** ibc-go supports golang semantic versioning and therefore all imports must be updated to bump the version number on major releases.

## Chains

- No relevant changes were made in this release.

## IBC Apps

### ICS27 - Interchain Accounts

The `ibc-go/v6` release introduces a new set of migrations for `27-interchain-accounts`. Ownership of ICS27 channel capabilities is tranferred from authentication modules and will now reside with the ICS27 `controller` submodule moving forward. 

For chains which implement custom authentication modules using the ICS27 `controller` submodule this requires a migration function to be included in the application upgrade handler. A subsequent migration handler is run automatically, asserting the ownership of ICS27 channel capabilities has been transferred successfully.

This migration facilitates the addition of the ICS27 `controller` submodule `MsgServer` which provides a standardised approach to integrating existing forms of authentication such as `x/gov` and `x/group` provided by the Cosmos SDK. 

For more information please refer to [ADR 009](https://github.com/cosmos/ibc-go/blob/main/docs/architecture/adr-009-v6-ics27-msgserver.md).

> #### Upgrade proposal

Author: Should the upgrade proposal be under the `Chains` section of this doc?

Reviewer 2: I think the `Chains` section seems like pretty good place for this.

The `controller` submodule exposes two functions:

- [`RegisterInterchainAccount`](https://github.com/cosmos/ibc-go/blob/v5.0.0/modules/apps/27-interchain-accounts/controller/keeper/account.go#L19)
- [`SendTx`](https://github.com/cosmos/ibc-go/blob/v5.0.0/modules/apps/27-interchain-accounts/controller/keeper/relay.go#L18)

These functions have been deprecated in favour of the new `controller` submodule `MsgServer` and will be removed in later releases. 
Both APIs remain functional and maintain backwards compatibility in `ibc-go/v6`, however consumers of these APIs are now recommended to follow the message passing paradigm outlined in Cosmos SDK [ADR 031](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/blob/main/docs/architecture/adr-031-msg-service.md) and [ADR 033](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/blob/main/docs/architecture/adr-033-protobuf-inter-module-comm.md). This is facilitated by the Cosmos SDK [`MsgServiceRouter`](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/blob/main/baseapp/msg_service_router.go#L17) and chain developers creating custom application logic can now omit the ICS27 `ControllerKeeper` from their module and instead depend on message routing.

> For more information see the new [ICS27 integration documentation](TODO: add link to new docs).

Author: I'll put together some new docs for message routing examples for `MsgRegisterInterchainAccount` and `MsgSendTx`.

For chains which contain a custom authentication module using the ICS27 `controller` submodule this requires a migration function to be included in the chain upgrade handler. A subsequent migration handler is run automatically, asserting the ownership of ICS27 channel capabilities has been transferred successfully.

For chains which *do not* contain a custom authentication module using the ICS27 `controller` submodule this migration is not required.

This migration facilitates the addition of the ICS27 `controller` submodule `MsgServer` which provides a standardised approach to integrating existing forms of authentication such as `x/gov` and `x/group` provided by the Cosmos SDK. 

For more information please refer to [ADR 009](https://github.com/cosmos/ibc-go/blob/main/docs/architecture/adr-009-v6-ics27-msgserver.md).

#### Upgrade proposal

Please refer to [PR #2383](https://github.com/cosmos/ibc-go/pull/2383) for integrating the ICS27 channel capability migration logic or follow the steps outlined below:

1. Add the upgrade migration logic to chain distribution. This may be, for example, maintained under a package `app/upgrades/v6`.

```go
package v6

import (

> 	"github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/codec"

Author: Sure I can update, I pasted from src
